## Image Classification with Analytics Zoo Inference Model on Flink 

This is the real-time image classification on Flink streaming. Here are two examples of loading pre-trained ResNet-50 model as Analytics Zoo Inference Model for image prediction on Flink. To explore loading ResNet-50 as **TFNet**, see the example `ImageClassificationTFNetStreaming.scala` . And in the example `ImageClassificationOpenVINOIRStreaming.scala`,  the pre-trained model is loading as **OpenVINO IR** to accelerate prediction.

### Requirements

- JDK 1.8
- Flink 1.8.1
- scala 2.11/2.12
- Python 3.x
- Python libraries:

Install python dependencies for each Flink node. Notice the newest version of library may not be available. This project is tested on tensorflow 1.15.0, networks 2.1 and numpy 1.17.4

```
sudo apt install python3-pip
pip3 install numpy networkx tensorflow
```

### Data and Model Preparation

- Prepare the prediction dataset from [imagenet](http://www.image-net.org/) and extract as you need.
- Prepare ResNet-50 model classes which can be extracted directly [here](https://github.com/intel-analytics/analytics-zoo/blob/master/zoo/src/main/resources/imagenet_classname.txt).
- Prepare saved model tar for loading as TFNet. The pre-trained model can be generated by this script. You can also extract the already saved model tar directly. 
- Prepare saved model file for loading as OpenVINO IR. Download the pre-trained TensorFlow object detection model  [resnet_v1_50 model](http://download.tensorflow.org/models/resnet_v1_50_2016_08_28.tar.gz).  Unzip it and extract the check point file.

### Configure and Start Flink

Edit /conf/flink-conf.yaml to set heap size or the number of task slots as you need, ie, `jobmanager.heap.size: 10g`, `taskmanager.numberOfTaskSlots: 2` 

Before running the example on Flink, you may make sure to start a flink cluster if there is no runing one:

```
./bin/start-cluster.sh
```

Check the Dispatcher's web frontend at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081/) and make sure everything is up and running. To stop Flink when you're done type:

```
./bin/stop-cluster.sh
```

### Run Examples

Go to the root directory of model-inference-flink and execute the `mvn clean package` command, which prepares the jar file for the model-inference-flink project. You can find the jar file in the new `./target` directory.

Run the following command with arguments to submit the Flink program. Change parameter settings as you need.

#### Load as TFNet

```bash
${FLINK_HOME}/bin/flink run \
    -m localhost:8081 -p 2 \
    -c com.intel.analytics.zoo.apps.model.inference.flink.Resnet50ImageClassification.ImageClassificationTFNetStreaming  \
    ${ANALYTICS_ZOO_HOME}/apps/model-inference-examples/model-inference-flink/target/model-inference-flink-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar  \
    --modelPath ${MODEL_PATH} --image ${IMAGE_PATH} --classes ${CLASSES_FILE} \
    --modelInputs resnet50_input:0 --modelOutputs resnet50/fc1000/Softmax:0 \
    --intraOpParallelismThreads 1 --interOpParallelismThreads 1 --usePerSessionThreads true 
```

**Options:**

- `-m`  Address of the job manager to connect
- `-p` The number of task slots. Default is 2
- `-c` Class with the program entry point
- `--modelPath` Path of the tensorflow saved model tar
- `--image` Image folder path
- `--classes` Classes/labels file path
- `--modelInputs`and `--modelOutputs` Model inputs/outputs of saved model
- `--intraOpParallelismThreads` the num of intraOpParallelismThreads
- `--interOpParallelismThreads` the num of interOpParallelismThreads
- `--usePerSessionThreads` whether to perSessionThreads

#### Load as OpenVINO IR

```bash
${FLINK_HOME}/bin/flink run \
    -m localhost:8081 -p 2 \
    -c com.intel.analytics.zoo.apps.model.inference.flink.Resnet50ImageClassification.ImageClassificationOpenVINOIRStreaming  \
    ${ANALYTICS_ZOO_HOME}/apps/model-inference-examples/model-inference-flink/target/model-inference-flink-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar  \
    --modelType resnet_v1_50 --checkpointPath ${CHECKPOINT_PATH}  \
    --image ${IMAGE_PATH} --classes ${CLASSES_FILE} \
    --inputShape "1,224,224,3" --ifReverseInputChannels true --meanValues "123.68,116.78,103.94" --scale 1
```

##### Options：

- `-m`  Address of the job manager to connect
- `-p` The number of task slots. Default is 2
- `-c` Class with the program entry point
- `--modelType` The pre-trained model type
- `--checkpointPath` The pre-trained ResNet-50 checkpoint file path
- `--image` Image folder path
- `--classes` Classes/labels file path
- `--inputShape` Input shape fed to an input node(s) of the model.
- `--ifReverseInputChannels` Boolean value of if need reverse input channels
- `--meanValues` and `--scale` Values used to perform normalization for inference model to convert to generated IR

### Results

Results may look like: 

```
Printing result ...
sweatshirt
malamute, malemute, Alaskan malamute
Program execution finished
Job with JobID 22f9c394f0df3bcb4135a1c7675daa7c has finished.
Job Runtime: 11285 ms
```


